If I don't teach you a lesson today
I'm afraid I don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
Is the Son
The Holy Son has now stepped into Jindan Baping
Second only to the Virgin
Now this kid has good fruit to eat
Walk the Son
My disciple is young and energetic
Open mouth
If you have a lot, please let him go.
This Holy Son
I hate those who only talk
In fact, incompetent and cowardly rats
Someone just said
To participate in the trial of Xuanyin Sect
Why are you only hiding behind others now?
Rats like you want to win too
I advise you.
Play with your Tianzong to make up for it
That's right, go back
Yes, go back to your Tianzong
It's not that the deity is unwilling to make a move
Only if I really do it
Xuanyin Sect needs one less imperial decree
You?
Holy Son, don't bother with him.
Do you think the elders of Tianzong are protecting you?
I can't fix you
Tell you this is Xuanyin Sect
I want to kill
You can't stop it
Hey stop
Master, they are my distinguished guests of Xuanyin Sect
Do not neglect
But he was rude to the saint
If you have any grievances in your heart
Then tomorrow
You will fight on behalf of the Xuanyin Sect yourself
Good boy, wait for me.
Tomorrow I will make you into the history of Tianzong
The most miserable disciple who died is waiting
The true disciple sent by Tianzong this time
It's just gas training
Hmm, kind of interesting
Dare to say that to me
I wish I could kill him with my own hands